**Capstone Project 9 – Group Members: Jovan, Elliot, Umar, Andrew**

    The vision for our group is to create an e-commerce website to sell a dynamic, collaborative, and easily accessible learning ecosystem by combining the strengths of platforms we are all familiar with like Notion, Chegg, Quizlet, Reddit, and AI into one integrated experience. This platform aims to make it easier for students to study and share knowledge by transforming messy class notes into more structured learning resources to look back upon. Our platform will have AI summaries, personalized study packets, interactive flashcards, and Khan Academy–style video explanations all of which will be communal for users to share and learn from. We envision a future where every student, no matter the grade level, will use our platform as their primary learning resource to get a head in class. Ultimately, our vision is to break down barriers to learning, help students with collaboration, and empower individuals to study in a stress free way.

Our mission is to design a platform where students can upload, share, and access class notes, which our AI will transform into diverse study formats. At the basic level (free version), users can browse notes and AI generated summaries to better understand concepts. The plus tier will provide better features with customized study packets, the latest AI models, and unlimited access to expert verified material, ensuring more effective education. The premium tier provides the best support with AI personalized tutoring and video walkthroughs, making it worth the cost of the subscription. We will merge collaborative knowledge sharing with AI, making it our mission to create a scalable, learning hub that becomes the next big e-commerce hit.
